# Functional Specification

Hans Meyer

Last update: 28.02.2015

## Overview

The router component of Elmo-net is a way to interconnect users through the
internet. It aims to provide a fast foundation for services in the games
industry.

This document is not complete and will updated often. This is to answer
questions about how things work only once in a way for all contributors
available. Besides, it documents decisions and provides the details for everyone
involved.

The actual look and feel will be developed over time with iterative user
feedback and research getting into it.

## Scenarios
In designing products, it helps to imagine a few real life stories of how actual
(stereotypical) people would use them.

### Scenario 1: Glenn
Glenn is still in school. He likes to play computer games and doesn't care about
his mom telling him to take a break from that more often. As with all teenagers,
he's not listening to anybody, has a bad memory and is the opposite of
well-organised.

One day he saw a video at Youtube late at night about making games for toddlers.
The video discussed how to early on get those kids to stare at video screens so
it would be easier later for the developers to take over the world. On that day,
Glenn decided to take over the world before the video-producers can and got into
developing games. His mom was not amused...

### Scenario 2: Arthur
When Arthur started programming, personal computers cost thousands of dollars.
And the only ways to get one was being the manufacturer, or killing someone.
Programming also meant to have an intimate relationship with your hardware.
Structure, practice, trucks of coffee and a lot of waiting for the compilers,
brought Arthur to a top-paid position in the games industry.

## Non-goals
